The first change Audacity wants to try is on their home page.
They hope that this new,
more engaging design will increase the number of users that explore their courses.
That is, move on to the second stage of the funnel.
Now that we know the change we want to make,
we need to choose a metric that measures that change.
To measure how many people move on to the next stage,
we can track how many people click on
the Explore Courses button on the home page with the new design and the old design.
However, using just the number of users doesn't make
sense if more total users view the page in one version of the experiment.
More total clicks could occur in one version
even if there is a greater percentage of clicks in the other version.
So instead, we could use the fraction of page visitors who clicked.
That is the number of clicks on
The View Courses button divided by the number of page views to the home page.
This metric is commonly called click-through rate or CTR.
You could take this metric one step further and make it
the number of unique visitors who clicked at least once,
divided by the number of unique visitors to view the page.
Now that we have our metric,
let's set up our known alternative hypothesis.
Our alternative hypothesis is what we want to prove to be true.
In this case, the new home page design has
a higher click-through rate than the old home page design.
And the new hypothesis is what we assumed to be true before analyzing any data,
which is that the new home page design has a click-through rate that is
less than or equal to that of our old home page design.
As you've seen before,
we can rearrange our hypothesis to look like this.